 sept 30 2025

    Python type of programming environment files:
   Script -
     type of file you save with .py
   when using  pycharm or atom editor

   Interactive -
     python type is jupyter note ,
     or small editor, line by line editing

  Program steps of program flow :

    Like a recipe or installation  instructions,
    a program in a sequence of steps to be done
    by order.

    Some  steps are conditional , they may be skipped

    Sometimes a step or group of steps is to be repeated

    Sometimes we store a set of steps to be used over
    and over are needed several places throughout the

    What do we put in a script , well it's a series of
    steps. Now, there a couple basic patterns that we
    use , we compose them .
    The most basic pattern is  what's called sequential

   Conditional is sort of intelligent where you're doing
   something and  then may or may not be doing something
   Do , do , do do , something , maybe not, and you have
   this if

      if -  this statement is false , do some other
        statement

     Numeric Expressions

     xx = 2
     xx = xx + 2
     print(xx)
     4

 oct. 4 , 2025

  Scalar objects Scalar objects Scalar objects

  int - represents integers , ex, 5, -100
  int represents integers, ex 2, -30
  int represents integers , ex. 70, -5

  float - represents real numbers, ex. 3.27 , 2.0
  float represents real numbers , ex 5.4, 5.0
  float represents real numbers, ex. 6.3, 9.0

  bool -represents Boolean values True and False
  Bool represents boolean values True and False
  bool represents boolean  False and True

 NoneType special and has none value , NOne
 NoneType  - special and has one value, None
 NoneType - special and has one value, None

 Can use type() - to see the type of an object
 Can use type() to see the type of an object

 Dont worry, dont over think problem ,  find solution

       Scalar objects explained
       scalar scalar and scalars.
   IN Python a scalar object represents a single ,
   indivisible value. Unlike collection types like
   lists, tuples, or dictionaries which can hold
   multiple items, scalar objects hold on piece of
   data . They are fundamental building blocks for
   more complex data structures.

   And the shell tells us what the output is. So just
   to reiterate , int, float, bool, Nonetype are types
   of objects.
   To reiterate, int, float , bool , NoneType are types
   of objects. And there can be many different objects
   you can create of that type 
